Added a note on migration order in runtime upgrade (#1001)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/runtime/upgrades.md

FRAME storage migrations will run in this order:

1. `frame_system::on_runtime_upgrade`
2. Custom `on_runtime_upgrade`, as described above
3. All `on_runtime_upgrade` functions defined in the pallets included in the runtime, in the order
   described above

> > **Note**
> >
> > If you are running on Substrate version after [commit `#bd8c1cae`](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/commit/bd8c1cae434dd6050833555e14967e3cd936e004), the storage migration order has been updated
> > to:
> >
> > 1. Custom `on_runtime_upgrade`
> > 2. `frame_system::on_runtime_upgrade`
> > 3. All `on_runtime_upgrade` functions defined in all included pallets.
> >
> > The reason is to cater for scenarios where one need to write custom code to make the
> > `frame_system::on_runtime_upgrade` runs and returns successfully. Refer to the detail [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/issues/8683).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> If you are running on a Substrate version after [commit `#bd8c1cae`](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/commit/bd8c1cae434dd6050833555e14967e3cd936e004), the storage migration order has been updated
> to:
>
> 1. Custom `on_runtime_upgrade`
> 2. `frame_system::on_runtime_upgrade`
> 3. All `on_runtime_upgrade` functions defined in all included pallets.
>
> The reason is to cater for scenarios where one needs to write custom code to make
> `frame_system::on_runtime_upgrade` run and return successfully. Refer to the details [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/issues/8683).

```
